Add vLLM TPU Multihost example (#234)
kubernetes-sigs/lws: docs/examples/vllm/TPU/README.md

# Deploy Distributed Inference Service with vLLM and LWS on TPUs

> In this example, we will use LeaderWorkerSet to deploy a distributed inference service with vLLM on TPUs. It manages the distributed runtime with [Ray](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/index.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we will use LeaderWorkerSet to deploy a multi-host inference service with vLLM on multi-host TPU slice. It relies on the distributed runtime [Ray](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/index.html).
```

## Install LeaderWorkerSet

Follow the step-by-step guide on how to install LWS. [View installation guide](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/lws/blob/main/docs/setup/install.md)

## Deploy LeaderWorkerSet of vLLM

> We use LeaderWorkerSet to deploy two vLLM model replicas, and each vLLM replica has 4 pods, and 4 TPUs per pod (tensor_parallel_size=16). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we use LeaderWorkerSet to deploy two vLLM server replicas to serve the llama3-70b model on two v5e-16 TPU slices. Since the v5e-16 TPU slice has four hosts, so each vLLM replica will have 4 workers, and each worker will consume 4 TPUs (with tensor_parallel_size=16). 
```

> We use LeaderWorkerSet to deploy two vLLM model replicas, and each vLLM replica has 4 pods, and 4 TPUs per pod (tensor_parallel_size=16). 

Reviewer: could you add a link in this description to point to "how to create a TPU node pool on GKE"

Author: Added link to the TPU guide

> The leader pod runs the Ray head and the http server, while the workers run the Ray workers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The leader pod runs the Ray head and the vLLM server, while the workers run the Ray workers.
```
